docs/jellyseerr/jellyseerr-features.md, before:

# Jellyseerr Integration

Search, request, and discover media directly from Jellyfin using your Jellyseerr instance.

<!-- relative directory  -->
![Jellyseerr](../images/jellyseerr.png)

<!-- use a custom title -->
!!! info "Note"

    **This plugin is NOT affiliated with Jellyseerr/Seerr.** Jellyseerr is an independent project. This plugin simply integrates with it to enhance the Jellyfin experience. 
    
    **Please report any issues with this plugin to the Jellyfin Enhanced repository, not to the Jellyseerr/Seerr team.**

## Features

- **Search + Request** - Search + request from Jellyseerr, directly from Jellyfin search results
    - **Advanced requests** *(requires configuration)*
    - **4K Requests**
    - **Season selection**
- **Requests Tab** 
    - **View request status** - pending, approved, available
- **Recommendations + Discovery** - Recommendations and similar items on detail pages
- **Issue Reporting** - Report problems directly to Jellyseerr
- **Watchlist Sync** - Auto-add requested media to Jellyfin watchlist *[requires the KefinTweaks glugin](https://github.com/ranaldsgift/KefinTweaks)*


<!-- use a custom title -->
!!! tip "How it works"

    To ensure security and prevent CORS errors, the plugin uses the Jellyfin server as a proxy. This keeps your Jellyseerr API key safe and avoids browser security issues.


### Search Integration

**Requesting:**

1. Type search query in Jellyfin search bar
2. Results from both Jellyfin and Jellyseerr appear
3. Jellyseerr results show request status
4. Click to request or view details

**Request Status Indicators:**

- **Available** - Already in your library
- **Pending** - Request submitted, awaiting approval
- **Approved** - Request approved, downloading
- **Not Requested** - Click to request

### Item Details

View Jellyseerr recommendations and similar items on detail pages.

- Recommended items section
- Similar items section
- Request directly from recommendations
- Exclude items already in library
- Real-time request status

#### Configure
1. Check **"Show Jellyseerr Recommendations and Similar items"**
2. Optional: Enable **"Exclude already in library items"**
3. Optional: Enable **"Exclude rejected items"**

### Discovery Pages

Browse and discover content by various criteria.

**Available Discovery Types:**
- **Genre Discovery** - Browse by genre (Action, Comedy, etc.)
- **Network Discovery** - Browse by network (Netflix, HBO, etc.)
- **Person Discovery** - Browse by actor, director, crew
- **Tag Discovery** - Browse by custom tags

#### Features
- Filter by TV/Movies/All
- Infinite scroll with pagination
- Request directly from discovery
- Library awareness (hide owned items)

#### Configure
1. Check respective discovery options in settings
2. Access via custom navigation or direct URLs

### Issue Reporting

Report problems with media directly to Jellyseerr.

**Issue Types:**

- Video (quality, corruption, wrong file)
- Audio (sync, missing tracks, quality)
- Subtitles (sync, missing, incorrect)
- Other (metadata, artwork, etc.)

**How to Report:**

1. Open movie or TV show detail page
2. Click report icon in action buttons
3. Select issue type
4. For TV: Select season and episode (optional)
5. Enter description
6. Submit report

**Note:** Button hidden when Jellyseerr unreachable or user not linked.

### Watchlist Sync

Automatically sync requested media to Jellyfin watchlist.

**Features:**

- Add requested items to watchlist when available
- Sync Jellyseerr watchlist to Jellyfin
- Prevent re-addition of removed items
- Configurable memory retention

**Configuration:**

- **Add Requested Media to Watchlist** - Auto-add when available
- **Sync Jellyseerr Watchlist** - Sync watchlist items
- **Prevent Watchlist Re-Addition** - Remember removed items
- **Memory Retention Days** - How long to remember (default: 365)


### Icon States

When on the search page, a Jellyseerr icon indicates connection status.

| **Icon** | **State** | **Description** |
| :---: | :--- | :--- |
|<img width="32" alt="active" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/36e9dbab-3fbe-4b5b-b767-a961597ccb96" /> | **Active** | Jellyseerr is successfully connected, and the current Jellyfin user is correctly linked to a Jellyseerr user. <br> Results from Jellyseerr will load along with Jellyfin and requests can be made. |
| <img width="32" alt="noaccess" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/09a3df03-97bf-499f-91a2-3b03e371ac02" /> | **User Not Found** | Jellyseerr is successfully connected, but the current Jellyfin user is not linked to a Jellyseerr account. <br>Ensure the user has been imported into Jellyseerr from Jellyfin. Results will not load. |
| <img width="32" alt="offline" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bd4ea4cb-94ec-450f-ab1a-13e72960ecec" /> | **Offline** | The plugin could not connect to any of the configured Jellyseerr URLs. <br> Check your plugin settings and ensure Jellyseerr is running and accessible. Results will not load. |


## Troubleshooting

### Connection Issues

**Icon Shows Offline:**

1. Verify Jellyseerr URL is correct and accessible
2. Check Jellyseerr is running
3. Test connection in plugin settings
4. Check server logs for errors

**Icon Shows User Not Found:**

1. Verify "Enable Jellyfin Sign-In" is enabled in Jellyseerr
2. Import Jellyfin user into Jellyseerr
3. Ensure same username in both systems
4. Restart Jellyfin after importing

### Search Not Working

**No Results Appearing:**

1. Check icon status (must be green/active)
2. Verify API key is correct
3. Check browser console for errors
4. Test API endpoints manually

**Results Slow to Load:**

1. Use internal Jellyseerr URL
2. Check network latency
3. Verify Jellyseerr performance
4. Check server resources

### Request Issues

**Cannot Make Requests:**

1. Verify user has request permissions in Jellyseerr
2. Check request limits not exceeded
3. Ensure item not already requested
4. Check Jellyseerr logs

**Requests Not Appearing:**

1. Refresh Jellyseerr page
2. Check request was successful (no errors)
3. Verify user permissions
4. Check Jellyseerr request queue

### TMDB API Issues

If reviews, elsewhere, or Jellyseerr icons not working:

- TMDB API may be blocked in your region
- Check [Jellyseerr troubleshooting](https://docs.seerr.dev/troubleshooting#tmdb-failed-to-retrievefetch-xxx)
- Use VPN or proxy if needed
- Contact ISP about API access

## Advanced Configuration

### URL Mappings

Map internal and external URLs for different network contexts.

**Format:**

```
internal_url|external_url
```

**Example:**

```
http://jellyseerr:5055|https://jellyseerr.example.com
```

**Use Case:** 

Different URLs for local network vs remote access.

### Auto-Request Settings

Automatically request media based on viewing behavior.

**Auto Season Request:**

- Trigger when X episodes remaining in season
- Require all episodes watched (optional)
- Configurable threshold

**Auto Movie Request:**

- Trigger on playback start
- Trigger after X minutes watched
- Check release date (only request if released)

Commit message:

Docs: enhance features, fix formatting & nav
Update documentation: normalize code fences to ```text across multiple docs; add new Enhanced Features content (Hidden Content system, translation cache refresh, subtitle custom colors, performance notes, and content/management UI details); add Requests Filter to ARR calendar and Issues on Downloads page for Jellyseerr; fix relative links and references (CSS customization, troubleshooting, installation paths); clarify troubleshooting steps and reorder File Transformation recommendation; and correct mkdocs.yml navigation typos/entries (Jellyseerr settings, arr troubleshooting filename, enable advanced configurations, rename support page). Minor wording and formatting improvements throughout.

docs/jellyseerr/jellyseerr-features.md, after:

# Jellyseerr Integration

Search, request, and discover media directly from Jellyfin using your Jellyseerr instance.

<!-- relative directory  -->
![Jellyseerr](../images/jellyseerr.png)

<!-- use a custom title -->
!!! info "Note"

    **This plugin is NOT affiliated with Jellyseerr/Seerr.** Jellyseerr is an independent project. This plugin simply integrates with it to enhance the Jellyfin experience.

    **Please report any issues with this plugin to the Jellyfin Enhanced repository, not to the Jellyseerr/Seerr team.**

## Features

- **Search + Request** - Search + request from Jellyseerr, directly from Jellyfin search results
    - **Advanced requests** *(requires configuration)*
    - **4K Requests**
    - **Season selection**
- **Requests Tab**
    - **View request status** - pending, approved, available
- **Recommendations + Discovery** - Recommendations and similar items on detail pages
- **Issue Reporting** - Report problems directly to Jellyseerr
- **Watchlist Sync** - Auto-add requested media to Jellyfin watchlist *[requires the KefinTweaks glugin](https://github.com/ranaldsgift/KefinTweaks)*


<!-- use a custom title -->
!!! tip "How it works"

    To ensure security and prevent CORS errors, the plugin uses the Jellyfin server as a proxy. This keeps your Jellyseerr API key safe and avoids browser security issues.


### Search Integration

**Requesting:**

1. Type search query in Jellyfin search bar
2. Results from both Jellyfin and Jellyseerr appear
3. Jellyseerr results show request status
4. Click to request or view details

**Request Status Indicators:**

- **Available** - Already in your library
- **Pending** - Request submitted, awaiting approval
- **Approved** - Request approved, downloading
- **Not Requested** - Click to request

### Item Details

View Jellyseerr recommendations and similar items on detail pages.

- Recommended items section
- Similar items section
- Request directly from recommendations
- Exclude items already in library
- Real-time request status

#### Configure
1. Check **"Show Jellyseerr Recommendations and Similar items"**
2. Optional: Enable **"Exclude already in library items"**
3. Optional: Enable **"Exclude rejected items"**

### Discovery Pages

Browse and discover content by various criteria.

**Available Discovery Types:**
- **Genre Discovery** - Browse by genre (Action, Comedy, etc.)
- **Network Discovery** - Browse by network (Netflix, HBO, etc.)
- **Person Discovery** - Browse by actor, director, crew
- **Tag Discovery** - Browse by custom tags

#### Features
- Filter by TV/Movies/All
- Infinite scroll with pagination
- Request directly from discovery
- Library awareness (hide owned items)

#### Configure
1. Check respective discovery options in settings
2. Access via custom navigation or direct URLs

### Issue Reporting

Report problems with media directly to Jellyseerr.

**Issue Types:**

- Video (quality, corruption, wrong file)
- Audio (sync, missing tracks, quality)
- Subtitles (sync, missing, incorrect)
- Other (metadata, artwork, etc.)

**How to Report:**

1. Open movie or TV show detail page
2. Click report icon in action buttons
3. Select issue type
4. For TV: Select season and episode (optional)
5. Enter description
6. Submit report

**Note:** Button hidden when Jellyseerr unreachable or user not linked.

### Issues on Downloads Page

View and manage Jellyseerr issues directly from the Downloads/Requests page.

**Features:**
- View all reported issues
- Filter issues by status
- Pagination support
- TMDB detail lookup with caching
- Issue card rendering with styling
- Open issue reporter modal from issues list

**Configuration:**
1. Go to plugin settings → Jellyseerr tab
2. Check "Show Issues on Downloads Page"
3. Click **Save**

**Usage:**
- Navigate to Downloads/Requests page
- Issues appear in dedicated section
- Click issue to view details
- Use Jellyseerr reporter modal for management

### Watchlist Sync

Automatically sync requested media to Jellyfin watchlist.

**Features:**

- Add requested items to watchlist when available
- Sync Jellyseerr watchlist to Jellyfin
- Prevent re-addition of removed items
- Configurable memory retention

**Configuration:**

- **Add Requested Media to Watchlist** - Auto-add when available
- **Sync Jellyseerr Watchlist** - Sync watchlist items
- **Prevent Watchlist Re-Addition** - Remember removed items
- **Memory Retention Days** - How long to remember (default: 365)


### Icon States

When on the search page, a Jellyseerr icon indicates connection status.

| **Icon** | **State** | **Description** |
| :---: | :--- | :--- |
|<img width="32" alt="active" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/36e9dbab-3fbe-4b5b-b767-a961597ccb96" /> | **Active** | Jellyseerr is successfully connected, and the current Jellyfin user is correctly linked to a Jellyseerr user. <br> Results from Jellyseerr will load along with Jellyfin and requests can be made. |
| <img width="32" alt="noaccess" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/09a3df03-97bf-499f-91a2-3b03e371ac02" /> | **User Not Found** | Jellyseerr is successfully connected, but the current Jellyfin user is not linked to a Jellyseerr account. <br>Ensure the user has been imported into Jellyseerr from Jellyfin. Results will not load. |
| <img width="32" alt="offline" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bd4ea4cb-94ec-450f-ab1a-13e72960ecec" /> | **Offline** | The plugin could not connect to any of the configured Jellyseerr URLs. <br> Check your plugin settings and ensure Jellyseerr is running and accessible. Results will not load. |


## Troubleshooting

### Connection Issues

**Icon Shows Offline:**

1. Verify Jellyseerr URL is correct and accessible
2. Check Jellyseerr is running
3. Test connection in plugin settings
4. Check server logs for errors

**Icon Shows User Not Found:**

1. Verify "Enable Jellyfin Sign-In" is enabled in Jellyseerr
2. Import Jellyfin user into Jellyseerr
3. Ensure same username in both systems
4. Restart Jellyfin after importing

### Search Not Working

**No Results Appearing:**

1. Check icon status (must be green/active)
2. Verify API key is correct
3. Check browser console for errors
4. Test API endpoints manually

**Results Slow to Load:**

1. Use internal Jellyseerr URL
2. Check network latency
3. Verify Jellyseerr performance
4. Check server resources

### Request Issues

**Cannot Make Requests:**

1. Verify user has request permissions in Jellyseerr
2. Check request limits not exceeded
3. Ensure item not already requested
4. Check Jellyseerr logs

**Requests Not Appearing:**

1. Refresh Jellyseerr page
2. Check request was successful (no errors)
3. Verify user permissions
4. Check Jellyseerr request queue

### TMDB API Issues

If reviews, elsewhere, or Jellyseerr icons not working:

- TMDB API may be blocked in your region
- Check [Jellyseerr troubleshooting](https://docs.seerr.dev/troubleshooting#tmdb-failed-to-retrievefetch-xxx)
- Use VPN or proxy if needed
- Contact ISP about API access

## Advanced Configuration

### URL Mappings

Map internal and external URLs for different network contexts.

**Format:**

```text
internal_url|external_url
```

**Example:**

```text
http://jellyseerr:5055|https://jellyseerr.example.com
```

**Use Case:**

Different URLs for local network vs remote access.

### Auto-Request Settings

Automatically request media based on viewing behavior.

**Auto Season Request:**

- Trigger when X episodes remaining in season
- Require all episodes watched (optional)
- Configurable threshold

**Auto Movie Request:**

- Trigger on playback start
- Trigger after X minutes watched
- Check release date (only request if released)
