docs/installation/troubleshooting.md, before:

## Installation troubleshooting

### Plugin Not Appearing After Installation

**Check Installation Status:**

1. Go to `Dashboard` → `Plugins`
2. Verify `Jellyfin Enhanced` is listed under `Installed`
3. Check that it's enabled (not disabled)

**Run Startup Task:**

1. Go to `Dashboard` → `Scheduled Tasks`
2. Find "Jellyfin Enhanced Startup" task
3. Click **Run** to execute it manually
4. Refresh your browser (Ctrl+F5)

**Clear Browser Cache:**

1. Press Ctrl+Shift+Delete (Windows/Linux) or Cmd+Shift+Delete (Mac)
2. Select "Cached images and files"
3. Clear cache
4. Refresh the page

**Restart Server:**

1. In Jellyfin, go to: `Dashboard` → `Restart`
2. Wait for server to fully restart
3. Refresh browser

### Permission Errors in Logs

If you see errors like:

```
Access to the path '/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/index.html' is denied.
```

**Solution:**
- Install [file-transformation plugin](https://github.com/IAmParadox27/jellyfin-plugin-file-transformation) *(recommended)*
- Or, try [platform-specific permission fixes](#platform-specific-issues)

### Scripts Not Loading

**Check Scheduled Task:**

1. **Dashboard** → **Scheduled Tasks**
2. Look for "Jellyfin Enhanced Startup"
3. Verify it has a trigger for "On application startup"
4. If missing, add the trigger manually

**Check Browser Console:**

1. Press F12 to open developer tools
2. Go to Console tab
3. Look for errors mentioning "Jellyfin Enhanced"
4. Report errors on GitHub if found

### Update Not Working

**Clean Update Process:**

1. Go to **Dashboard** → **Plugins** → **My Plugins**
2. Find Jellyfin Enhanced
3. Click **Uninstall**
4. Restart server
5. Reinstall from Catalog
6. Restart server again
7. Clear browser cache (Ctrl+F5)

### Verification Checklist

After installation, verify these work:

<!-- TODO: make checklists render correctly (MkDocs needs a plugin i think) -->
- [ ] Plugin menu item appears in sidebar
- [ ] Pressing `?` opens the settings panel
- [ ] Keyboard shortcuts work
- [ ] Tags appear on media posters (if enabled)
- [ ] No errors in browser console (F12)
- [ ] No errors in server logs


## Platform-Specific Issues

### Docker

If you are not using file-transformation and see permission errors like:

```
System.UnauthorizedAccessException: Access to the path '/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/index.html' is denied.
```

You'll need to manually map the `index.html` file:

1. Copy the index.html file from your container:

```bash
docker cp jellyfin:/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/index.html /path/to/your/jellyfin/config/index.html
```

2. Add volume mapping to your Docker run command:

```bash
-v /path/to/your/jellyfin/config/index.html:/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/index.html
```

3. Or for Docker Compose, add to volumes section:

```yaml
services:
  jellyfin:
    volumes:
      - /path/to/your/jellyfin/config:/config
      - /path/to/your/jellyfin/config/index.html:/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/index.html
```

<!-- use a custom title -->
!!! warning "Warning"

    This method is not recommended and won't survive a jellyfin-web upgrade. The recommended method for Docker:

    1. Install as a standard [Jellyfin Plugin](./standard-recommended.md)
    2. Use the [File Transformation plugin](https://github.com/IAmParadox27/jellyfin-plugin-file-transformation)



### Windows

If you see permission denied errors:

1. Navigate to your Jellyfin installation folder (usually `C:\Program Files\Jellyfin\Server`)
2. Right-click the folder → Properties → Security
3. Grant "NETWORK SERVICE" **Read** and **Write** permissions
4. Apply to all subfolders and files
5. Restart Jellyfin service

### Linux

If you encounter permission issues, this is a known solution

Bash:

```bash
sudo chown -R jellyfin:jellyfin /usr/lib/jellyfin/
sudo chmod -R 755 /usr/lib/jellyfin/
```


## Getting Help

If you encounter issues:

1. Check the [FAQ](../faq-support/faq) for common solutions
2. [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfin-Enhanced/issues)
    - Search existing issues
    - Create a new issue *(please include log and details)*
3. Join the [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/HKA2QNYJ6)

Commit message:

Docs: enhance features, fix formatting & nav
Update documentation: normalize code fences to ```text across multiple docs; add new Enhanced Features content (Hidden Content system, translation cache refresh, subtitle custom colors, performance notes, and content/management UI details); add Requests Filter to ARR calendar and Issues on Downloads page for Jellyseerr; fix relative links and references (CSS customization, troubleshooting, installation paths); clarify troubleshooting steps and reorder File Transformation recommendation; and correct mkdocs.yml navigation typos/entries (Jellyseerr settings, arr troubleshooting filename, enable advanced configurations, rename support page). Minor wording and formatting improvements throughout.

docs/installation/troubleshooting.md, after:

## Installation troubleshooting

### Plugin Not Appearing After Installation

**Check Installation Status:**

1. Go to `Dashboard` → `Plugins`
2. Verify `Jellyfin Enhanced` is listed under `Installed`
3. Check that it's enabled (not disabled)

**Run Startup Task:**

1. Go to `Dashboard` → `Scheduled Tasks`
2. Find "Jellyfin Enhanced Startup" task
3. Click **Run** to execute it manually
4. Refresh your browser (Ctrl+F5)

**Clear Browser Cache:**

1. Press Ctrl+Shift+Delete (Windows/Linux) or Cmd+Shift+Delete (Mac)
2. Select "Cached images and files"
3. Clear cache
4. Refresh the page

**Restart Server:**

1. In Jellyfin, go to: `Dashboard` → `Restart`
2. Wait for server to fully restart
3. Refresh browser

### Permission Errors in Logs

If you see errors like:

```text
Access to the path '/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/index.html' is denied.
```

**Solution:**
- Install [file-transformation plugin](https://github.com/IAmParadox27/jellyfin-plugin-file-transformation) *(recommended)*
- Or, try [platform-specific permission fixes](#platform-specific-issues)

### Scripts Not Loading

**Check Scheduled Task:**

1. **Dashboard** → **Scheduled Tasks**
2. Look for "Jellyfin Enhanced Startup"
3. Verify it has a trigger for "On application startup"
4. If missing, add the trigger manually

**Check Browser Console:**

1. Press F12 to open developer tools
2. Go to Console tab
3. Look for errors mentioning "Jellyfin Enhanced"
4. Report errors on GitHub if found

### Update Not Working

**Clean Update Process:**

1. Go to **Dashboard** → **Plugins** → **My Plugins**
2. Find Jellyfin Enhanced
3. Click **Uninstall**
4. Restart server
5. Reinstall from Catalog
6. Restart server again
7. Clear browser cache (Ctrl+F5)

### Verification Checklist

After installation, verify these work:

<!-- TODO: make checklists render correctly (MkDocs needs a plugin i think) -->
- [ ] Plugin menu item appears in sidebar
- [ ] Pressing `?` opens the settings panel
- [ ] Keyboard shortcuts work
- [ ] Tags appear on media posters (if enabled)
- [ ] No errors in browser console (F12)
- [ ] No errors in server logs


## Platform-Specific Issues

### Docker

If you are not using file-transformation and see permission errors like:

```text
System.UnauthorizedAccessException: Access to the path '/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/index.html' is denied.
```

You'll need to manually map the `index.html` file:

1. Copy the index.html file from your container:

```bash
docker cp jellyfin:/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/index.html /path/to/your/jellyfin/config/index.html
```

2. Add volume mapping to your Docker run command:

```bash
-v /path/to/your/jellyfin/config/index.html:/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/index.html
```

3. Or for Docker Compose, add to volumes section:

```yaml
services:
  jellyfin:
    volumes:
      - /path/to/your/jellyfin/config:/config
      - /path/to/your/jellyfin/config/index.html:/jellyfin/jellyfin-web/index.html
```

<!-- use a custom title -->
!!! warning "Warning"

    This method is not recommended and won't survive a jellyfin-web upgrade. The recommended method for Docker:

    1. Install the [File Transformation plugin](https://github.com/IAmParadox27/jellyfin-plugin-file-transformation)
    2. Follow the standard installation process



### Windows

If you see permission denied errors:

1. Navigate to your Jellyfin installation folder (usually `C:\Program Files\Jellyfin\Server`)
2. Right-click the folder → Properties → Security
3. Grant "NETWORK SERVICE" **Read** and **Write** permissions
4. Apply to all subfolders and files
5. Restart Jellyfin service

### Linux

If you encounter permission issues, this is a known solution

Bash:

```bash
sudo chown -R jellyfin:jellyfin /usr/lib/jellyfin/
sudo chmod -R 755 /usr/lib/jellyfin/
```


## Getting Help

If you encounter issues:

1. Check the [FAQ](../faq-support/faq) for common solutions
2. [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/n00bcodr/Jellyfin-Enhanced/issues)
    - Search existing issues
    - Create a new issue *(please include log and details)*
3. Join the [Discord Community](https://discord.gg/HKA2QNYJ6)
